# OrphicaAI
A bit more of an esoteric project of mine, more academic in nature more than anything. this poses as a database model that seeks to map out a machine like environment similar to how human consciousness parses the brain. details in README.md

## ok, here we are
A bit more of an esoteric project of mine, more academic in nature more than anything. this poses as a database model that seeks to map out a machine like enviornment similar to how consciousness parses the human subconscious and draws associations with relevance to the world around it. in other words, this is an experiment to see if i can create a machine learning model that can replicate conscious thought processes in a computational enviornment.

## Theory
For the most part, this model will be heavily based on psychology, particularly modeled after the works of qualified and reputable cognitive scientists/psychologists far more capable than i could ever even dream of being. nonetheless, what matters is that their theories and prognoses exist for the taking, providing a sort of human/animal/general cognitive model to spring board off of. 

The essence of this project stems from the idea that humans and machines are more similar than they are different. after all, whats a computer other than an organism created and encased in a metal box instead of flesh? but heres where it gets crazy; computational processes and cognitive processes are near identical to each other. AI, at its very core is the study of trying to replicate conscious patterns in a machine enviornment. nearual mapping, genetic algorithms, machine learning & model classification vs human cognitive recusrsion (in non pretentious speak, learning shit). the parallels are virtually endless, and uncanny with respect to each other. 

Now the technology is here, we have algorithms and classification systems more powerful than ever. we have stockpiled not only all the data that we need, but we now now exactly how to parse it in a way to extract only what is needed with respect to whatever situation in question; effectively, acting like a sort of subconscious/conscious recusion process emulated. 

However, what these technological advances dont yet have is an isolated classification system.

One that is exactly modeled after an individual mind, and individual sentience. building a machine learning model that functions as an individual parsing the immediate and what gets carefully stockpiled via lifetimes of subjective experiences, not just an aimless algorithm parsing and recalibrating a dataset in an endless recursion loop. So thus, though a small scale ML project, this seeks to create conscious/subconscious warehouses of information that parse on a case-by-case basis, and can be added to as per the users liking. the power here comes from the creation of ones own dataset to suit their own needs, accompanied with an in built conscious process (built in via my own ML model archetechture to be). this could be say, social media profiles or journal entries for instance. data is stockpiled, patterns emerged, coorelated, and then recursively recalibrated as a means of mapping out neural processes. from here, this creates a sort of subconscious stockpile that will then be rehashed and distilled by the 'conscious' algorithm. again, the details still need to be fleshed out significantly and i need to read into this more instead of just going off of my own memory alone, but the objective here is to map out the mind, thought processes, and how to coorelate all of this information into a prototype to then expand further.

This could honestly become like some sort of really cool psychology tool i think if i really get this right. may just be some python/SQL/other shit but i trust in me (and after all, ML is getting powerful yall)

